updates to friendly users VASP documentation for VASP module use (#472)
NREL/HPC: docs/Friendly_User/Applications/vasp.md

## VASP modules on Kestrel

> There are modules for CPU builds of VASP 5.4.4 and VASP 6.3.2 each with solvation, transision state tools, and BEEF-vdW functionals. These modules can be loaded with ```module load vasp/5.4.4``` or ```module load vasp/6.3.2```. A sample job script is shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are modules for CPU builds of VASP 5.4.4 and VASP 6.3.2 each with solvation, transition state tools, and BEEF-vdW functionals. These modules can be loaded with ```module load vasp/5.4.4``` or ```module load vasp/6.3.2```. A sample job script is shown below.
```

!!! Note
    It is necessary to specify the launcher using srun --mpi=pmi2 

??? example "Sample job script: using modules"

    ```
    #!/bin/bash
    #SBATCH --nodes=2
    #SBATCH --tasks-per-node=104
    #SBATCH --time=2:00:00
    #SBATCH --account=<your-account-name>
    #SBATCH --job-name=<your-job-name>

    source /nopt/nrel/apps/env.sh  #the need for this will eventually be removed
    module load vasp/6.3.2

    srun --mpi=pmi2 vasp_std |& tee out

    ```

## Compiling VASP yourself

> This section has reccomendations for toolchains to use for building and running VASP. Please read carefully before compilling on Kestrel's cray architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section has recommendations for toolchains to use for building and running VASP. Please read carefully before compiling on Kestrel's cray architecture.
```

### Building VASP

> We recomend building vasp with a full intel toolchain and launching with the cray-mpich-abi at runtime. Additionally, you should build on a compute node so that you have the same architecture as at runtime:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend building vasp with a full intel toolchain and launching with the cray-mpich-abi at runtime. Additionally, you should build on a compute node so that you have the same architecture as at runtime:
```
